Money.Money...Lie for itSpy for itKill for itDie for itSo you call it trustBut I say it's justIn the devil's gameOf greed and lustThey don't careThey'd do me for the moneyThey don't careThey use me for the moneySo you go to churchRead the Holy wordIn the scheme of lifeIt's all absurdThey don't careThey'd kill for the moneyDo or dareThe thrill for the moneyYou're saluting the flagYour country trusts youNow you're wearing a badgeYou're called the "Just Few"And you're fighting the warsA soldier must doI'll never betray or deceive you my friend but...If you show me the cashThen I will take itIf you tell me to cryThen I will fake itIf you give me a handThen I will shake itYou'll do anything for money...AnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youIEven sell my soul to the devil (I)AnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youIEven sell my soul to the devilInsurance?Where do your loyalties lie?Is that your alibi?I don't think soYou don't careYou'd do her for the moneySay it's fairYou sue her for the moneyWant your pot of goldNeed the Midas touchBet you sell your soulCause your God is suchYou don't careYou kill for the moneyDo or dareThe thrill for the moneyAre you infected with the same diseaseOf lust, gluttoney and greed?Then watch the onesWith the biggest smilesThe idle jabbers... Cause they're the backstabbersIf you know it's a lieThen you will swear itIf you give it with guiltThen you will bear itIf it's taking a chanceThen you will dare itYou'll do anything for money...AnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youIEven sell my soul to the devil (I)AnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youIEven sell my soul to the devilAnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youIEven sell my soul to the devil (I)AnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youIEven sell my soul to the devilYou say you wouldn't do itFor all the money in the worldI don't think soIf you show me the manThen I will sell himIf you ask me to lieThen I will tell himIf you're dealing with GodThen you will hell himYou'll do anything for moneyAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youEven sell my soul to the devilAnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youEven sell my soul to the devilAnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youEven sell my soul to the devilAnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youEven sell my soul to the devilAnything nowAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youEven sell my soul to the devilAnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youEven sell my soul to the devilAnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youEven sell my soul to the devilAnythingAnythingAnything for moneyWould lie for youWould die for youEven sell my soul to the devil